Glossary 
Actors
1. Provider - Health care professional who provides ChocAn services
2. Timer - Clock device that automatically runs the main accounting procedure on Fridays at 5pm
3. Operator - ChocAn employee who is able to edit records
4. Manager - ChocAn senior employee who is able to create weekly summaries 

Use Cases
1. Validate Member - Process of swiping and validating the card of a member
2. Bills ChocAn for service - After an appointment occurs, this process records it onto the disk
3. Request Provider Directory - Process of the provider asking for a provider directory
4. Update Member Records - Process of changing member records
5. Delete Member - Option within update member records, that allows operator to delete members from ChocAn system
6. Add New Member -  Option within update member records, that allows operator to add new members to ChocAn system
7. Edit Member - Option within update member records, that allows operators to edit member information in ChocAn system
8. Update Provider Records - Process of changing provider records
9. Delete Provider - Option within update provider records, that allows operator to delete provider from ChocAn system
10. Add New Provider -  Option within update member records, that allows operator to add new providers to ChocAn system
11. Edit Provider - Option within update member records, that allows operator to edit provider information in ChocAn system
12. Main Account Procedure - The main accounting procedure that happens on fridays
13. Create Provider Report - The creation of the Provider Report, see provider report in MISC.
14. Create Member Report - The creation of the Member Report, see provider report in MISC.
15. Create EFT Report - The creation of the EFT Report, see provider report in MISC.
16. Create Summary Report - The creation of the Summary Report, see provider report in MISC.
17. Request Weekly Report - The process of the manager actor requesting the Provider, Member, EFT, or Summary report


Misc.
1. Member - Paying subscriber to ChocAn who is up to date on payments
2. Terminal - The device that the health care professional uses to access ChocAn software
3. Suspended Member - Member who has missed a payment but has not terminated their membership
4. Plastic Card - Unique ID card given to all members that is used in validation
5. Provider Directory - File containing all possible service ID codes in alphabetical order 
6. Weekly report- A financial/order history statement sent to all ChocAn members each week
7. EFT Data- Electronic funds transfer data which is used by the banking software to record and manage all funds transferred through ChocAn
8. Summary report- Weekly report sent to a ChocAn manager which lists all provider activities, including sessions and services, and the amount providers are owed
9. Service code - six-digit code corresponding to a service used in the Provider Directory 
10. Provider Number - Unique number each provider enters to turn on their terminal
11. Provider Report - Report of all ChocAn services provided to members that week, which should match the provider's own records. Included is the following information:
	11a. Provider name (25 characters). 
 	11b. Provider number (9 digits). 
 	11c. Provider street address (25 characters). 
 	11d. Provider city (14 characters). 
 	11e. Provider state (2 letters). 
 	11f. Provider ZIP code (5 digits). 
 	11g. For each service provided, the following details are required: 
 	11h. Date of service (MM–DD–YYYY). 
 	11i. Date and time data were received by the computer (MM–DD–YYYY HH:MM:SS). 
 	11j. Member name (25 characters). 
 	11k. Member number (9 digits). 
 	11l. Service code (6 digits). 
 	11m. Fee to be paid (up to $999.99). 
 	11n. Total number of consultations with members (3 digits). 
 	11o. Total fee for week (up to $99,999.99).
12. Member Report - Report to member summarizing account as well as each appointment from that week, with the following information: Member name (25 characters). 
 	12a. Member number (9 digits). 
 	12b. Member street address (25 characters). 
 	12c. Member city (14 characters). 
 	12d. Member state (2 letters). 
 	12e. Member ZIP code (5 digits). 
 	12f. For each service provided, the following details are required: 
 		- Date of service (MM–DD–YYYY). 
 		- Provider name (25 characters). 
 		- Service name (20 characters). 
13. EFT Report - Report for banking software to perform financial transfers to providers
14. Summary Report - Report for manager detailing providers to be paid, the number of consultations each had, and that provider'stotal fee for the week.
    Additionally, the total number of providers, consultations and fees are printed. 
