Glossary

EFT Data- Electronic funds transfer data which is used by the banking software to record and manage all funds transferred through ChocAn

EFT Report - Report for banking software to perform financial transfers to providers

Manager - ChocAn senior employee who is able to create weekly summaries 

Member - Paying subscriber to ChocAn who is up to date on payments

Member Report - Report to member summarizing account as well as each appointment from that week, with the following information:
         Member number (9 digits). 
 	     Member street address (25 characters). 
 	     Member city (14 characters). 
	     Member state (2 letters). 
 	     Member ZIP code (5 digits). 
 	     For each service provided, the following details are required: 
 		    - Date of service (MM–DD–YYYY). 
 		    - Provider name (25 characters). 
	        - Service name (20 characters). 
        
Operator - ChocAn employee who is able to edit records

Plastic Card - Unique ID card given to all members that is used in validation

Provider - Health care professional who provides ChocAn services

Provider Directory - File containing all possible service ID codes in alphabetical order 

Provider Number - Unique number each provider enters to turn on their terminal

Provider Report - Report of all ChocAn services provided to members that week, which should match the provider's own records. Included is the following information:
	     Provider name (25 characters). 
 	     Provider number (9 digits). 
 	     Provider street address (25 characters). 
 	     Provider city (14 characters). 
 	     Provider state (2 letters). 
 	     Provider ZIP code (5 digits). 
 	     For each service provided, the following details are required: 
 	        Date of service (MM–DD–YYYY). 
 	        Date and time data were received by the computer (MM–DD–YYYY HH:MM:SS). 
 	        Member name (25 characters). 
 	        Member number (9 digits). 
 	        Service code (6 digits). 
 	        Fee to be paid (up to $999.99). 
 	        Total number of consultations with members (3 digits). 
 	        Total fee for week (up to $99,999.99).
    
Service code - six-digit code corresponding to a service used in the Provider Directory 

Summary report- Weekly report sent to a ChocAn manager which lists all provider activities, including sessions and services, and the amount providers are owed

Suspended Member - Member who has missed a payment but has not terminated their membership

Terminal - The device that the health care professional uses to access ChocAn software

Timer - Clock device that automatically runs the main accounting procedure on Fridays at 5pm

Weekly report- A financial/order history statement sent to all ChocAn members each week


        


